Release Notes for R18 (#324)
pxblue/doc-it: src/docs/release-notes/R18/Summary.mdx

> Major overhaul of the designer Sticker Sheet, new Reusable [Authentication Workflow](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@pxblue/angular-auth-workflow) for Angular, CLI templates for React projects, and documentation site improvements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Major overhaul of the Figma Sticker Sheet, new Reusable [Authentication Workflow](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@pxblue/angular-auth-workflow) for Angular, [CLI templates](https://github.com/pxblue/react-cli-templates/tree/master) for React projects, and documentation site improvements.
```
